---
inFeed: true
description: >-
  Our Mission: We want to save the dying television industry by introducing a
  massive immersion of people into it, opening doors for a new renaissance of
  creators that by pioneering their intellect and wit, will lead lucrative
  careers and lead us to peace and space, the possibilities are endless!
dateModified: '2016-12-27T02:23:46.015Z'
datePublished: '2016-12-27T02:23:47.428Z'
title: About Us
author: []
publisher: {}
via: {}
hasPage: true
starred: false
datePublishedOriginal: '2016-12-27T02:23:47.428Z'
sourcePath: _posts/2016-12-27-about-us.md
url: about-us/index.html
_type: Article

---
# About Us

**Our Mission:** We want to save the dying television industry by introducing a massive immersion of people into it, opening doors for a new renaissance of creators that by pioneering their intellect and wit, will lead lucrative careers and lead us to peace and space, the possibilities are endless!

**Our method:** We provide an opportunity for you to work with Television Industry professionals and gain valuable experience in the field. You have a voice! Let us hear it! We, in turn, provide filming studios, copyrighters, animators, etc with educated talent that expands their demographic reach!

**Our reason:** We love television and want to make it better!

---

Doing Entertainment Negligence is a nonprofit apprenticeship program based in Chicago and Los Angeles. A social service for communities experiencing a troubled youth epidemic of unemployed, lack of education, and hopelessness. We want to educate, empower, and encourage troubled youths, the unemployed, and hopeless to learn and produce \[for\] television markets. This includes: classes, resources, communities, and opportunities.

DEN's mission is to act as an intermediary for civilization and the speedy road to peace and space travel! People want to enjoy themselves, create, and make good money. We want to give people this opportunity by bringing them to showbiz. The television industry is changing due to our millennial technology. What will become of our classic American past time---the Sitcom!? For decades' families and individuals have enjoyed the warm glow of television, only for it to slowly fade out for on demand content. DEN believes this is an opportunity to stimulate the television industry for millennials by introducing a massive immersion of people into the television industries, opening doors for a new renaissance of creators to enjoy lucrative careers that will pioneer their intellect and wit to boundless engineering possibilities to lead us to peace and space!

DEN wants to provide a service of economic development for our current generation, referencing different and eclectic memes, media, and cultures, while promoting knowledge & NEW ideas in our recycled world of remakes, remixes, and retakes. Building, participating and creation is the focus. Our mission is to provide opportunities for new creative talent, by collaborating with new & young to create employment regardless of credentials for the new generation.